hey you two what's going on this with
you about the Audi rose 3.5 big big
shoes let's get you all right now we got
on the arm the D roses we got all black
adidas box on open sea but we got to do
it bro sign right there and all good hey
you see if I can get it right this time
all right d rose 8.5 let's get us really
all right and all we open the box you're
gonna have tomorrow black passengers so
make it look finished and now against
those shoes all right another might be
off my BF causing a camera right is it
here's what they look like I got the
aust all the colorways and want the
tongue on the top of the D roses we have
D roses logo right here show that a
little better got the tunnel G roses
logo on it pretty nice and on the side
you have dinner closes logo right here
again and we have a 33 adidas stripes
represent do you say hello it's like a
neon a little yes like a neon and and
inside the inside shoes you got another
d-rose logo right there sorry got a bit
before right here and another cool thing
I noticed was inside here its own it's a
basketball right clear and it says it
says Wendy cydia meet the roles dynasty
that's what it says and all their these
are 10 the haps job if you were saying
our goals
and a half year and nine go night after
everyone kind of small but on we got
some script we got some spring wave over
there on the Shulman really see it but
that spring web but the cool thing that
they did with the shoe they did of a
particular will all plastered you got
right here expecting because alone if
you look on the other ones the
nine-point eeks that spot right here was
unprotected enough and you can see we
see what happened a little out a little
hole right there and all grip grip the
grip is different they're all grip is
different on anyway I kind of like it a
little better because they did different
from the motto of other night
coordination to see the big rivers which
is great and um as far as far as
lightweight pretty light shoes I'm yak I
can honestly say I came in so you're
using the knife or knees and pretty
light shoes they'll item three pointers
to and on yeah just overall they're just
on very good shoe so just a very just a
very good shoot and on they were 160 for
retail and all yea high performing shoes
just dis burying a very satisfied with
them I think they like the best shoes on
the market for basketball right now so
on yeah they got in i'll agree and then
you got an all-black so yeah I hope did
them already and everything very good
shoe you know I'll probably make a video
of me playing basketball in for you so
peace